Jestin Edoor
Philadelphia, PA 19082
jestinedoor@gmail.com | 610-957-9985 | https://www.linkedin.com/in/jestinedoor/
  EXPERIENCE
Drexel University
Graduate Assistant
● Reducedmanualprocessingtimeby25%bydevelopinginteractivedashboardstotrackincomingstudentsadmissionstages. ● AssistedprofessorswithdataanalysisandvisualizationsusingPowerBIandTableauforpresentations.
● Guidednewapplicantsthroughtheadmissionsprocesspipelineandsubsequentstepsthroughe-mailcommunication.
● Facilitatedmeetingswiththesenioradministrationstafftodiscusschangesinstudentsapplicationstatusandtimeline.
Grant Thornton
Oct 2023 – Jul 2024
Jul 2022 – Jul 2023
 Risk Analyst (Forensics)
● Identified $2M in inflated company assets by analyzing financial records for a client using SAP ledger.
● Prevented $60K financial loss using MS Excel to conduct fund trail analysis for a vendor kickback scheme.
● Delivered critical insights to domestic and international clients by applying financial expertise and regulations (FCPA, UKBA, POCA).
● Increasedworkefficiencyby50%bydevelopinganAIbaseddataanalysistooltoreducespreadsheetdependency.
● InvestigatedwhitecollarfraudsuchasembezzlementandtaxevasionthroughcommunicationanalysisusingIntella.
● IdentifiedprocesscontrolgapsandrecommendedsolutionsafterconductinginternalauditofaMNCbasedoffofa
whistleblower complaint filed to management.
Al Baraka Bank
Financial Analyst Intern
● Collaboratedwithcolleaguesinresearchinginformationofapubliccompanytocreateapitchbookforaclientwhorequired
merger and acquisition services, while also maintaining relationships.
● Conductedmarketresearchonthebank’ssubsidiariesandutilizedfundamentalanalysistoidentifytheworstperforming
subsidiary, leading to a decision to inject capital into the bank.
● Assistedwithcreatingvaluationmodeltodiscountfuturecashflowtofindintrinsicvalueofabusinesswithmarketcap
Apr 2021 – Jun 2021
of $2.3B dollars in Bahrain.
● LeveragedVBAusingMSExceltoautomatemonthlyfinancialrecordsofthebankwiththeassistanceofseniorteammembersinaccounting.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Insurance Risk Analysis Using Property Data in Panama City, Florida, Drexel University
● CollaboratedwithPreciselytoanalyzepropertyandaddressdataforinsuranceriskassessment.
● Usedfloodzoneclassificationsandgeodemographicdataforinsuranceinformation.
● Appliedmachinelearningclusteringtogrouppropertiesbasedonkeyriskparameterssuchasfloodsandhurricanes. ● Enabledinsurancecompaniestoidentifyandmanagehighriskpropertieseffectively.
● Developedamodeltosupportfuturepropertyevaluationsandriskmitigationstrategies.
● Providedinsightstohelpinsurersminimizefinanciallossesfromnaturaldisasters.
Broadband Provider Recommendation, Using Machine Learning Algorithms, Drexel University
● Developedapredictivemodeltoprovidetailoredbroadbandplanrecommendations,streamliningcustomerdecisionmaking.
● Useddemographicdata(medianincome,location,planfeatures)toidentifyoptimalWIFIprovidersandpricingbyzipcode.
● ImplementedaRandomForestmodelwithascoringsystemtomatchbroadbandsupplywithdemand.
● BuiltaninteractiveUIforrealtimecustomerinputsandfeedback,displayingconfidencescorestoindicate
recommendation reliability.
● FocusedonPhiladelphiaCounty,Pennsylvania,todeliverpersonalizedprovidersuggestionsbasedon
customer data and available options.
Customer Churn Analysis, Using Predictive Models, Drexel University
● Utilizedthelogisticregressionmachinelearningalgorithmtopredictcustomerchurnforane-commercebusiness.
● Identifiedkeyattributescontributingtochurnusingacorrelationmatrixandtheirrelationtothetargetvariablechurn
while also spotting redundant attributes.
● Successfullygarneredamodelaccuracyof0.755,therebybeingabletopredictmorethan75%churns.
● ThemodelwasbuiltonRStudioandtheresultswerepresentedtoapanel.
EDUCATION
Drexel University, LeBow College of Business
Master of Science in Business Analytics
Christ University
Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance & International Business
SKILLS
Technical: Data Analytics, Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning Algorithms, Text Mining, API Integration, Financial Risk Management Programing Languages and Tools: Python, R, SQL, Tableau, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point, MS PowerBI
Soft: Leadership, Teamwork, Detail Oriented, Adaptability, Communication, Critical Thinking, Time Management, Interpersonal Relationship Management
